Remember,
please hit like and subscribe for me.
Thank you so much. Okay, let's go. Hi
everyone. Today's Friday, February the
13th. No idea how many Friday the 13th
we have this year, but it's just another
Friday. Don't freak out if you're one of
the people that get nervous about such
things. Hey, let's take a look at the E-
Mini S&P for today's money warning
report. Charts by Trendpider Gamma flows
by Menth Q. Take a look at what happened
yesterday. We framed this out very
nicely.
First break in the morning brought us to
the second break which gave us a minor
bounce and then the rundown which was
absolutely incredible. Notice
I'm not really sure we've stopped the
momentum is starting to lift. We are
trying to build structure down here at
around 6827.
Yesterday you if you saw me posting
anything you may have noticed that I
said hey
if we lose um 6850 we've got ourselves
right down to 6830 and then
6809. So, put wall is at 6,800.
Let's take a look at a big picture. See
what's going on. You see this? This is a
monster sideways mosh pit. Just really
messy. So, my suspicion
is that the number to really hold is
this one right here at 6779.
Let's put an alert there.
Now, could it be that
um we come in and dance around here for
hours like this area? Yes. Could we
flush all the way down and come to a
gamma line which is 6750
also? Yes. But the big picture tells us
nothing's really broken. Nothing's
really broken. And if you take a look at
the broad market like a heat map kind of
thing,
it's not pure correlation across the
board. So there's this is an organized
repricing. Nothing crazy going on here.
Nobody flipping out. So we shouldn't
either. Let me reset
this alert.
Keep it as the breakthrough. We know
that'll be a recovery event. And I'm
gonna delete this drawing
because it's noisy. All right, let's
take a look at two things. What we want
to talk about is inventory accumulation
and what are the traders
battling around? And so to me, the 6870
right down to around where we are, the
6826, 6827.
Key zones, key zones to watch for
structure to build. Here's the problem.
We bounced off of this 68.25 before and
we came into a lower high. That's what
we have to break. This formation needs
breaking. So, how does that happen? We
can rally sharply up above the 6850 and
go to the top of the box at 6870 or we
sit tight and we wait for the test of
6850 and we try the short again.
It may or may not come. Important line
to watch here because they are trying to
build that structure. But while they're
building it, they're still making lower
highs and lower lows. And so my
suspicion is that we stay away from
trying to hang on to anything here. Now,
doesn't mean we can't scalp. 6825,
stop at 6820.
Probably make that stop 6815.
If that kind of risk makes you nervous,
wait and let it recover back into the
box and then you'll have yourself a nice
trade. Okay? But bounces or sells,
supply right above us,
demand right here at the port wall. So
let's do a measured move.
Notice
came right here.
A little bit of puking out on this edge
and then they turned right around and
came back. Let me clone this one more
time
to see if it came to the halfway mark.
I mean, it looks like it did. If if I
measure this box,
yeah, it comes right to that halfway
spot before
um turning around. So I I like this
measure. I do I like this measure for
downward flow. Uh the market is not
going crazy. It's just a simple
repricing of risk and that happens. So
what do we do? We are calm and we follow
along.
Right? So I'm going to remove a couple
of these lines. What happens if we
really catch a bid? Now remember this is
what happens. People get off sides and
they start selling off really sharp and
then they have to turn around and go
uhoh, right? Inventory is a little bit
short. Let's do a measured move from
high
to low.
And our halfway mark is at 6877. That's
also value area low. I think that is the
number that we need to put an alert on.
6880 and some change. We'll give it a
little bit of room. And let me get rid
of this Fibonacci.
It It works perfectly on this ledge. So
definitely stair steps 68.25 6854 6885
listen we have so much opportunity
sitting in these markets. I remember
trading back in
I don't know the early and literally
we'd have three points of motion for the
entire day in the middle of the summer
and maybe 10 points in the active part.
So this is dramatic motion. A lot of
ways to make money, a lot of ways to
lose money. So, wait for your
positioning. All right. Callwall still
up at 7,000. Put wall was at 6600.
It's now at 6,800.
So, they are trying to stem the tide
here, I imagine, and buy on the dip if
it comes back into the range is my
thought because the short puts are the
obligation to buy. Very interesting.
Let's go to the ENQ.
See what gives here.
Okay, so we had same thing. Break of the
edge
movement down opens up the short this
line. Let's see what's going on with
this. We leave it right here, but we
pull it down on the same trend line.
Looks pretty good.
So, here's what we know. the line in the
sand to be today
24,800.
After that, I suspect this gamma wall,
which is also value area
low
at 24,954,
gives us a potential move. Now, let's
look at
inventory accumulation. Let's see if we
can see clarity here or if it's just a
lot of noise.
We're still making lower highs and lower
lows.
The box here is very messy. Why? No
clear markups, though.
This edge
looks like it's got a shove.
24,540.
So, let's do it. We know the call the
put wall is 25,000 and so it's fine.
There's demand underneath it. 24,410.
This is the box really.
This is our support floor that we need
to recover. 24,412
somewhere around there. All right.
Inventory box. Why am I hesitant to draw
this? I am because it doesn't feel like
the same rhythm. Although, here's what
we could definitely see. up here is
the heaviest congestion. So, let's
assume that that one's right. Let's
clone it
down.
Comes almost right to the edge there.
So, I'm not uncomfortable with this
measure. And that comes right in a 50%
marker. Yeah, I I think that my eyeballs
are seeing this correctly. 24,250.
and then you know 24,000 and some
change. So what are the traders trying
to do? They're trying to hold the floor
right here. It's very clear that they
are trying to hold the floor at 24,650.
If they break it,
we've got a stair step, but because we
know this is such an important edge,
they could easily recover it. So if they
break and then easily recover, the buy
stop would send us up into the range at
which point we have to break this edge
or we need to get out of the trade.
You'd have to stair step that if you
were really working on that event. So
let's uh clone it up to the top. See
what the recovery looks like.
Doesn't quite as clean above as below.
the rhythms change. They don't change
like that
dramatically
um in a lot of places. So, let's just
look at the 1 hour. I know I'm spending
a lot of time here, but structure is
very important to see if we're going to
make a floor or rotate downward.
First 30-minut candlestick is very
tight.
I I am saying this is another
event
another morning that requires the 1 hour
formation.
So
if we look at the 30 minute
and we walk it down,
it's almost
right. We're right there on the edges.
So this number right here that we've got
an alert key zone to watch. Key zone to
watch on the 30-inut for the hourly
formation. This would give us a 50%
general range. Same thing. Something to
be careful about. The break and
continuation above 24,874
could send us to 24,940, but there is a
ton of supply up here. We need to watch
for that. Let's take a look at the 4our
chart.
You can see tech is also getting
repriced, but we're still in a range.
We're still in a range and that is very
important for us to remember. As a
matter of fact, this inventory box looks
a lot better on the 4our here.
old resistance
the breakdown
like a week ago was a bottoming
formation and they got to hold this or
we're retesting that base
call 26,000
you know bounces or sell zones here but
they are sitting at a floor let's just
quickly look at the YM on the 4 are.
Um,
let's get this measured move here.
Halfway to the box. Yeah, I would
suspect, dear friends,
that this
is coming back in to 49,000. though
we've got a pretty hard bounce here at
49,300.
So
that's a little more than 50% of this
box. So let's let's clone this and see
how it how our measure did on the top
almost to the tick. So we know we are
collecting the right inventory events.
All right, that makes sense. Watch for
these edges to hold. Watch for them to
hold. Okay,
if they move up, we've got the VWAP,
point of control, all of those sitting
right around this noise. We could have a
very choppy day, but it is a Friday. We
do tend to bounce.
See what's going on.
All right, let's look at our liquidity
buddy known as Bitcoin to us.
Momentum is trying to lift 4hour
formation showing what? Here's our range
peak to trough. This was
an exhaustion event. Look at the volume
on that exhaustion candlestick.
Absolutely incredible.
Incredible.
All right. Um yeah, that's still stuck
in the mod. Still the same levels. 66
and 68 and 70. It made a lower low last
night and a lower high in the
pre-market. So far gets above 68, you've
got traction.
All right, let's take a look at oil
4hour chart.
Wow, this is a pretty interesting bounce
point.
62 bucks.
Now you know
they really want this to come down.
Value area high, value area low.
It's still sitting in that range between
$60 and $65.50.
Trend clearly up. We got a trend break
generally speaking. I mean,
we just sort of look at that. So,
what are we staring down? Extremely
heavy congestion.
Let's put all of these guys in a box
together.
That looks like about the right box.
I don't know. Maybe we take it to the
top of that wick.
Looks like that box. Let's That's a
That's a messy box. I'm not sure I have
the inventory right.
It's close, but this is very important.
So, it needs its own accumulation event.
We got to hold 62. We don't hold 62,
there's more downside
without a doubt.
Well, it's never without a doubt. It's
we could recover it. It loses 62. We
come down into the bottom at this 6130
and we recover it. That's the above
below. That's really what I mean. Above
62, the buyers are going to try to get
traction again. Below 62,
we got problems, right? We got some
significant problems because this is our
next region of noise.
That's that is very very troubling.
I mean in terms of price action holding.
Let's uh let's go to gold.
Gold had such a savage move yesterday. I
mean it fell right through the
floorboards. And so let's take a look at
the lines that we've been drawing. I
said
was the baseline support
and it held very nicely.
That's a recovery zone. We're still well
inside area high low on the 4hour chart.
Let's get to the 30 minute and see
what's been going on in the overnight.
Supply above us. Inventory is long.
making lower highs. Well, of course,
this is going to be a break of some kind
because
it can't sit in there forever. It's
going to have to break out. So, what's
the trade? Well,
let's see. Here is
our 30 minute. I got to make this VWAP
smaller.
Get this over here. Bugs me.
So if we see that Whoa, that is a big
candle.
We've got a bottoming formation 498. We
talked about this number. I said, "Hey,
we got the big fat round number. Tons of
supply underneath." So we literally
could could chop in this $250 range for
months until the bigger moving averages
come to collect us. Could we fall?
Absolutely. But that is the new line in
the sand. 4,900.
Put wall 4700. Call wall 5200. So very
far away.
Um 5070. Let's remove this and let's no
is good. Let's
use
Okay. So this is the VWAP
and this is the point of control well
above us. VWAP 5,040
point of control 585.
What what does this look like?
Right? That looks like a a bare flag if
we look at trend
but it is holding this range.
What can we see?
I don't know. I think we really start
chopping around in here. Lot of
inventory trying to build a base and
they're just It's so savage.
This is our big inventory box. Inside of
it is our 30 minute
candlestick.
If we clone it up, we can see it's one
one.
So, let's clone it up. That's a good
That's a good box.
Let's clone it up again. See if we
recover. That gives us a target of
We got to remove that alert and reset
it.
That gives us a target of $5,060.
Let's go below. I'm not really sure we
get below, but these are good measures.
So, we'll watch them for the day. Right
into the demand zone. And that number is
40 4860. Let's finally go to spy as I
end my feature film here. Good grief.
Okay, so Oh, this is interesting. Take a
look at this. Let's remove all of these
annotations.
Point of control 692, VWAP 690, value
area high 696,
call wall 700, value area low 688. Look
at how clean.
Up, down, up, down. That's how we build
inventory, right? We look for the down,
we look for the up, we look for the
down, we look for the up. That gives us
our box. Let's replicate it.
right there. Bottom of the box, right
into demand. This a lot of these
formations look like we're setting up
for buy.
It's Friday. Things normally happen.
Could it happen? Yeah, it could. If it
doesn't, they've spent a lot of time
here doing this.
the break could be pretty rough. All
right, so
watch watch for that.
Watch watch watch out for that. That's
that's really important. Okay.
Yeah, that being said, that's what we
got going on there. Support 678,
foot wall 674, big gap. So there's
hardly any inventory sitting between
$677
and $673.
So we could have ourselves a little bit
of a gap reaction there, but they are
definitely trying to lift. Lot of noise
though and still making lower highs and
lower lows. So that is not structure
that says it's going to break easily,
break out, pull back, move forward.
Okay. Do we have any
numbers today?